[Music]
yeah hold on a sec yeah I'll be there in
an hour I'm tired of having barely
enough I need everything yellow and in a
week we're good for the money
well we will be are you seeing someone
else
because I couldn't handle something like
that sometimes they make it too easy
don't go putting that on line now well
here want you to kill my wife do you
have that sort of cash just laying
around she took it all right I'll do it
we need that money more than ever now
sorry house me
quarter of a million dollars would you
kill it
let's do this yes
goodbye Alice
where she put the money on the ground
and then get in your car and off
you're a lunatic you know that
I'm what you call a professional despite
how this looks I had nothing to do with
this
you can't smoke in here
god this place is like a over
there insane asylum I love my wife very
much oh you've got a crazy way of
showing